DocsGPT added to the Swag List 2025 (#1022)
crweiner/hacktoberfest-swag-list: docs/list.md

- **How to sign up**: Once your contribution is accepted and merged, they'll provide you with an address form.
- **Notes**: Full details on the [Cloudinary blog here](https://cloudinary.com/blog/hacktoberfest-2025)

### D

#### DocsGPT

- **Swag**: T-shirt

> - **Requirements**: Have one meaningful pull request merged. The PR must be for an issue with the `hacktoberfest` label (set by our maintainer team). Contributions can include code, API extensions, documentation, or design improvements.
> - **How to sign up**: Fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/Npaba4n9Epfyx56S8) after your PR is merged.
> - **Issues**: [https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/issues](https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/issues)
> - **Notes**: Read the full Hacktoberfest announcement [here](https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/blob/main/HACKTOBERFEST.md). Join the community on [Discord](https://discord.gg/fdh8Gune5e) for help and discussion. T-shirt design will be revealed later in October.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Requirements**: 
    - Make one meaningful PR for an issue with the `hacktoberfest` label. 
		- Contributions can include code, API extensions, documentation, or design improvements.
- **How to sign up**: No special sign up required. 
- **Issues**: [DocsGPT/issues](https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/issues)
- **Notes**: 
    - Fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/Npaba4n9Epfyx56S8) after your PR is merged.
		- Check the [announcement](https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/blob/main/HACKTOBERFEST.md) for more details.
```
